README.md, before:

# Mastering Ethereum Book - Concepts Demo CLI
A CLI for demonstration of concepts in the "Mastering Ethereum" book by Andreas M. Antonopoulos

## Basic Functionality
_(Parity node not required to be running)_
1. Generate CSPRN (cryptographically secure pseudo-random number)
1. Generate Private Key
1. Derive Public Key from Private Key
1. Elliptic Curve Check
1. Derive Ethereum Address
1. Ethereum Address Checksum (EIP-55)
1. Generate Mnemonic (BIP-39)
1. Derive Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) Wallet Accounts (BIP-44)

## Advanced Functionality
_(To run these options, first [start the Parity cluster](./parity/README.md))_
1. Get Parity Network Status
1. Transfer Funds to Account (using admin account)
1. Get Transaction by Hash
1. Get Account Balance

---
## Running the CLI

### Node Version 
This CLI uses node **v10.14.2**, some functionality _may not work_ with lower versions.

If you're using [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm), simply run:
```javascript
nvm use
```
Otherwise, check which version you're using:
```javascript
node -v
```
...and upgrade if necessary.

### Install
```javascript
yarn install
```

### Run
Start the CLI:
```javascript
yarn start
```

### Test
Run test suite:
```javascript
yarn test
```

### Lint
Run code formatter:
```javascript
yarn lint
```

Commit message:

:sparkles: Add option to send raw transactions
Create & Sign a raw transaction, and send raw transaction to the parity network

README.md, after:

# Mastering Ethereum Book - Concepts Demo CLI
A CLI for demonstration of concepts in the "Mastering Ethereum" book by Andreas M. Antonopoulos

## Basic Functionality
_(Parity node not required to be running)_
1. Generate CSPRN (cryptographically secure pseudo-random number)
1. Generate Private Key
1. Derive Public Key from Private Key
1. Elliptic Curve Check
1. Derive Ethereum Address
1. Ethereum Address Checksum (EIP-55)
1. Generate Mnemonic (BIP-39)
1. Derive Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) Wallet Accounts (BIP-44)

## Advanced Functionality
_(To run these options, first [start the Parity cluster](./parity/README.md))_
1. Get Parity Network Status
1. Transfer Funds to Account (from admin account)
1. Get Transaction by Hash
1. Get Account Balance
1. Create Raw Signed Transaction (transfer of funds)
1. Send Raw Transaction to Network

---
## Running the CLI

### Node Version 
This CLI uses node **v10.14.2**, some functionality _may not work_ with lower versions.

If you're using [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm), simply run:
```javascript
nvm use
```
Otherwise, check which version you're using:
```javascript
node -v
```
...and upgrade if necessary.

### Install
```javascript
yarn install
```

### Run
Start the CLI:
```javascript
yarn start
```

### Test
Run test suite:
```javascript
yarn test
```

### Lint
Run code formatter:
```javascript
yarn lint
```
